For me personally, because I'm not really, I've never been so much of
a family person. I never miss my family, the family that I did have,
because I was too independent. However, I did find myself, being in
the middle of the ocean, after two or three months, just wanting to
come home and experience day to day things. Daily life. I wanted to
watch movies, I wanted to drive my car around. I wanted to go to the
mall and meet girls and experience life. The life of a young twenty
year old. And when you're out to sea, you really don't have those
opportunities. So that's my version of being homesick. Just wanting
things that you probably think are very normal. Those things are like
gold to me when you are out on deployment.